absolutely 1,500 species of fish or
thousand species of mollusks 500 species
of coal 215 species of birds 16 species
of sea snakes and six species of sea
turtles at Great Barrier Reef
littering one people litter in the
streets the wing - usually takes it and
gets it washed down the drain pipe and
the ends up in the Great Barrier Reef
the rubbish kills the marine animals and
a wildlife around it because things such
as six pack rings get caught around
animals necks and suffocate them a big
one is plastic bags Turtles think
they're jellyfish eat them and die
rubbish it also ends up there when it is
dumped overboard coral bleaching coral
which is when the coral loses all its
colour and turns white
this occurs when polyps stressed the
polyps get stressed due to things such
as global warming because it raises the
water temperature the zoo it fell also
known as algae is within the tissues of
the polyp and when the polyps get
stressed it spits it up if the zoo
ant fail does not rebuild the coral day
climate change global warming global
warming is caused by pollution methane
greenhouse emissions and more global
warming caused earth to be hotter which
is not good news for the Great Barrier
Reef because it warms up the water and
causes coral bleaching if the global
warming continues the reef will not will
only live for another twenty to thirty
years
tourists naturists come to visit the
Great Barrier Reef because it is such a
beautiful site and they go scuba diving
but when they go scuba diving they are
stepping on coral and ruining it or they
are breaking bits off the souvenirs this
is not good because it ruins the reef
and kill some of the calm it also scares
off the wildlife boats also go by and
break off bits of coal overfishing
overfishing is when people fish too much
at the Great Barrier Reef if you you are
allowed to fish but there are rules and
limitations
some people don't obey these rules in
there are lots of people who fish
fishing can damage the reef and cause a
shift
in the reef ecosystem overfishing causes
there to be less fish in his ascertain
and if a certain species is hunted it
can become endangered pollution runoff
from farms can contain chemicals which
reach the reef and polluted oil spills
is also a big problem because it causes
because it kills all the marine life and
boats there was an oil spill in April
2010 and the Great Barrier Reef this
spread three kilometres across the reef
you